>> Brian Holt: Welcome back.
Hopefully you had a good shot at this.
And right now we're
gonna take a look at it.
The one thing I was doing here as I was
converting all of these to HTML entities,
you could totally just put like
an asterisks here and then,
like that's what that would
look like right there.
I like having like
a little X symbol there.
So notice that this looks like an X,
rep but
this is actually like
a multiplication sign, right?
It's not just like a normal X.
So let's just put them next to each other
and you can see what they look like.
You can see here they
are a little bit different.
>> Speaker 2: If I do it
the same as the stand, times,
cuz that's what I have on mine.
>> Brian Holt: Is it like?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, that's [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
Okay, same thing, same idea cool.
I can just never remember this, so times
like the, there's some fancy name for
but it's the formal name for it and then
what I showed you is just the code for it.
>> Brian Holt: So is this one like and
division or something like that?
>> Brian Holt: I didn't know that.
VS code will do that for me, that's cool.
And this is back arrow.
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: Uh-huh?
>> [LAUGH] [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: All right, neat.
Cool, so now mine looks like it should.
Did we mostly all get
to this point at least?
>> Brian Holt: If not,
there is a CodePen where you can
check out basically up to this point.
Okay, getting here so
we just did handle numbers, so
now we can actually click this.
We're not doing anything with those
numbers and if we click any of these other
things it's just ignoring it, right
that's where you should be to this point.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see, if we refresh
here also notice that something that's
kind of fun that we kind of accomplished,
I would say sort of by accident.
If I press the zero a bunch of times you
wouldn't expect it to be zero, zero,
zero, zero, right?
You would expect it to just stay zero
until they actually click a real number.
And we did that just because if
buffers triple equal to zero,
then it just says numbers assigned or
buffers assign numbers string, so
then it's gonna be reassigned to zero,
right?
And then, this is always going to be true
as long as that first thing is 0, right?
So that's kind of a neat thing that I
wasn't necessarily planning to happen, but
it kind of happened just by writing
code this way, does it make sense?.
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: But
it does work once you do at a number.
Okay, so now we have numbers,
the numbers are handled.
Now we want to handle symbols.
>> Brian Holt: So going to handleSymbol.
And we're gonna do different things,
depending on whether or
not it's some sort of math operation,
depending if they hit equals,
depending if they hit clear or
something like that.
So let's handle clear, I think that's
a pretty easy one to deal with.
So if.
>> Brian Holt: That our symbol
triple equals C, right?
So they clicked the C button over here.
Then, so what happened?
I want you to think about this for
a second before I tell you, what do you
think's gonna happen if they hit C,
what are the steps that I need
to take to clear out everything.
So if we go over to the one that's
finished, it's just minus there we go.
If I hit 25 and
then I hit C, what happens?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
I expect the buffer to clear out,
I expect the buffer to go back to zero.
So, let's do that.
Buffer is assigned zero.
>> Brian Holt: What happens if I
have some sort of running total
going here, all right?
Like I've added 15, and
then 30, and then 35?
Probably expect that all to
clear out as well, right?
So we're gonna say runningTotal = 0.
>> Brian Holt: And that should
probably be enough at least for now.
Right?